glossary: coinjoin time preference (#1648)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary-PrivacyWasabi.md

A _Coinjoin Strategy_ contains instructions for the automatic "coinjoin robot" about configurations like when and how much to coinjoin.
Read more: [Coinjoin Strategy](/Using-Wasabi/CoinJoin.md#coinjoin-strategy)

### Coinjoin Time Preference

> The wallet will only participate in coinjoin when the fee rate is below the median of this time frame.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
The wallet will only participate in coinjoin when the fee rate is below the median of the chosen time frame (Hours, Days, Weeks, or Months).
```

Author: done
